This info file details the first test of the 'return' adaptive walk, from Wollaton hall to Jubilee Campus, using the scripts found in 'inward1' folder
1 - the fixed playlist cut out after a few minutes due to loss of route (GPS) - mistakenly had a start and end route to control the playlist. Need to remove.
When nearing Wollaton hall the return adaptive journey commenced rather than the arrival music for Wollaton Hall. Need to have a scene that does not check for nearest route on the outward leg of the journey, to stop this from happening.
2 - Wollaton hall arrival music worked well, until at Wollaton hall itself, then the scene started re-triggering constantly, on every update (1 sec). Track 1/WaitingForGA alo started, but the arrival music did not fade out. The app became slow and unresponsive. Eventually reloaded the composition, but the re-triggering continued, although the transition into track1/WaitingForGA worked.
3 - track/1waitingForGA: app very slow and unresponsive, the music would periodically cut out and re-enter.
4 - the transition into track2/TheBadGuys did not work. Track1 stopped, but track 2 did not enter. I manually selected track 2 and then playback started. The app was no longer slow and unresponsive. There did not appear to be any adaptations, the track just played until it transitioned into track 3/Stella
5 - the transition into track 3/Stella function as expected: played with some adaptions
6 - the transition into track4/MitaDelMundo did not work first time round. track 4 started, but track 3 continued to sound. Re-loaded the composition and then all played as expected. There did not appear to be any adaptations within track 4, it got the end and stopped, before I had reach the transition point.
7 - When I entered Middleton road, track5/SisterCites did not start. The app was slow and unresponsive. I manually selected the track and playback started, but with the reduced multi-track arrangement, even though I had not reached the route that should initiated that. I continued to the pedestrian crossing and crossed the road. When half-way across then the full arrangement start (too early). There were some adaptations of the sectional arrangement.
8 - The transition into track 6/NotAlone did not happen in the right place and when it did NotAlone started and SisterCities continue to play. Shortly after this occurred, the Sister Cities track went to the reduced multi-track arrangement and then stopped leaving track 6 NotAlone playing. There appeared to be some sectional adaptations here.
9 - There was briefly a trigger that brought in the WollatonHall arrival music (along with the text-to-speech saying 'you have arrived at Wollaton Hall'??)
10 - The transition into Atrium arrival music took place, but the subsequent triggers were laggy and required some manual selection. 
11 - The final arrival music came in as planned.
